elaborate on atlas access after deployment in docs (#165)
microsoft/OHDSIonAzure: docs/DeploymentGuide.md

## Data platform

As noted above this solution currently supports storing the CDM on a managed PostgresSQL and on Azure Synapse Dedicated Pool. Please choose the right SKUs for each of the platforms depending on your dataset size.

> Note that when using the Synapse option, a default table distribution is used. If you intent to use a large dataset that might to be adjusted per the comments [here](https://github.com/OHDSI/CommonDataModel/blob/main/inst/ddl/5.4/synapse/OMOPCDM_synapse_5.4_ddl.sql) (although this quickstart doesn't support this out-of-the-box you can make the right modifications yourself).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that when using the Synapse option, a default table distribution is used. If you intend to use a large dataset that might need to be adjusted per the comments [here](https://github.com/OHDSI/CommonDataModel/blob/main/inst/ddl/5.4/synapse/OMOPCDM_synapse_5.4_ddl.sql) (although this quickstart doesn't support this out-of-the-box you can make the right modifications yourself).
```

## Permissions

All the non-admin users you define in the deployment will automatically get permission to the data source created. 
If you add more users and/or new data sources then you should use Atlas to grant additional permissions.

## How to access Atlas

After deploying your OHDSI environment you will have the following resources on your Azure subscription:

| TYPE                                            | NAME                  |
|-------------------------------------------------|-----------------------|
| App Service                                     | app-ohdsiatlas-myenv  |
| App Service                                     | app-ohdsiwebapi-myenv |
| App Service plan                                | asp-myenv             |
| Managed Identity                                | id-ohdsiwebapi-myenv  |
| Key vault                                       | kv-myenv              |
| Log Analytics workspace                         | log-myenv             |
| Azure Database for PostgreSQL flexible   server | psql-myenv            |

> | Storage account                                 | stohdsimyenv          |

Reviewer: Is it important to list all these? Perhaps we just want to direct the user to the Atlas WebApp?

Author: removed
